Document allowlist automation workflows in README (#714)
apache/infrastructure-actions: README.md

### Updating version of already approved action

```mermaid
graph TD;
    dependabot--"PR updates"-->composite[".github/actions/for-dependabot-triggered-reviews/action.yml"]
    dependabot-.verified by.-verify["verify_dependabot_action.yml"]
    composite--"update_actions.yml (on merge)"-->actions.yml
    actions.yml--"update_actions.yml"-->approved["approved_patterns.yml"]
    actions.yml--"remove_expired.yml (daily)"-->actions.yml
```

In most cases, new versions are automatically added through Dependabot:
- Dependabot opens PRs against `.github/actions/for-dependabot-triggered-reviews/action.yml` to update actions to the newest releases
- **`verify_dependabot_action.yml`** runs on each such PR, rebuilds the action's compiled JavaScript in Docker, and diffs it against the published version (see [Automated Verification in CI](#automated-verification-in-ci))
- Once a reviewer merges the PR, **`update_actions.yml`** reflects the new commit SHAs back into `actions.yml` and regenerates `approved_patterns.yml`
- The previously approved version is marked with an `expires_at` date 3 months out, giving projects a grace period to update their workflows

> - Once that date passes, the daily **`remove_expired.yml`** workflow (02:04 UTC) deletes the entry and regenerates `approved_patterns.yml` — no manual PR needed

Reviewer: (maybe expiry should be its own section eventually, but fine for now)

Author: Added it.

### Removing a version manually

> Routine removal is already automated: set `expires_at` on the entry and the daily `remove_expired.yml` workflow will delete it once the date passes. Use the manual process below only when you need an immediate removal that can't wait for the next daily run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routine removal is already automated: set `expires_at` on the entry and the daily `remove_expired.yml` workflow will delete it once the date passes. Use the manual process below only when you need an immediate removal that can't wait for the entry to expire.
```
